The Joe Rogan experience.
Or what? Like what new movie with James Bond. When's that coming out.
I wanna see James Bond win again. I wanna see James Bond win.
I'm tired of.
Waiting. You need to be James Bond, dude. I'm not interested in.
James Bond. That's not what I was saying. He's been dropped these.
He was, he be, listen.
I do not wanna be a spy.
I'm a Roger Moore.
Guy. I do love those movies.
Me too. Who is your favorite bond?
Daniel Craig, by a mile, really? By a country mile. Interesting.
The only thing that separates people from my opinion is nostalgia.
If you just looked at it objectively, if I said,
which one of these really looks like he could kill people. There's one answer.
It's Daniel. Craig, you don't really think that Timothy Dalton's out there.
Newin no, not Timothy. No it's stabbing people. Roger Moore. Roger.
Roger Moore is fantastic,
but you don't believe that Roger Moore is like legitimately out there people.
Up. You don't know. Look, he's got that dead. Ken like Barbie and Ken,
listen to me. He's.
He's a Barbie, you got two options. You got Sean Connery.
If you're being dishonest and you want nostalgia, who doesn't love Sean Connery.
I love Sean Connery,
but it's just like the difference between going back to like the early
days of like Jim Jeffries,
being the heavyweight champion of the world versus Mike Tyson,
the newer one are better. You might decide. Woo.
Jim Jeffries was the old days. John L. Sullivan with his mustache.
How long do you think John L. Sullivan would survive with a prime time?
Mike Tyson? How many seconds? That would be the bet.
How many seconds does he live for Mike Tyson? Just crushes his skull.
Look at Roger.
More. Then's thing. That's a, a robot though. Roger. Moore's a robot alien.
You got two options. If you being honest, <laugh> it. Doesn't it's not,
it's not disrespectful for Roger Moore. It's not disrespectful for Tim.
Look at that face. I don't even know who some of these guys are.
<laugh> you got two options. <laugh> look at the Pixar one.
You guys got real Sean Connery. If you're a silly and you got Daniel,
Craig, if you're being honest,
Sean Connery is a wonderful actor. But if I had a choice, if I,
the two of 'em are locked in a room, who's gonna live Sean Connery, Daniel,
Craig, Daniel. Craig's gonna kill Sean Connery.
I'm so sad to announce to everybody love that interview where he talked to
Barbara Walters about smacking chicks.
I disagree. That's Indiana Jones's father. I know.
<Laugh>. I know like he was great.
It was a different time. It was a different time.
Daniel Craig looks like he can legitimately kill people. He's the only one.
Like if you asked me if there's a fight to the death between all those guys
one-on-one fights, is it Daniel? Craig, he's gonna win. I'm so sorry.
I never got.
Into that guy.
He's the only one that seems like a real killer. He's like a tortured guy.
It's a good, the problem with this is the problem with Daniel.
Craig is oh seven or the last one? The most recent one. Yeah.
That's here's the problem. Here's the problem.
It's almost like if you want, if you're,
if you're a person just wants to look at this objectively,
you have to separate yourself from all the other James bonds.
You have to pretend they don't exist.
And you have to look at this as an in individual occurrence.
Like him as James Bond is a new thing. Let's look at what that is. Well,
it really does seem like there's this dude. Who's not perfect. Like,
there's a girl who was like a threatening him talking about shooting him in his,
his good knee. Like she knew which knee was up. Right? He's not perfect. Right?
He gets drunk. He's killing people. He's having all these, uh, romantic,
uh, affairs with spies and and barely surviving. But as an,
as an individual entity, as the James Bond,
who's better than him. Who's better. If you really wanna be honest,
you, you grew up with Roger Moore, but you knew Sean con. Yeah.
But do,
do you think you only like him because he's the most realistic because it's the
most recent? No.
No, cuz he's the best. He's the best just gets faker and fake. Listen to me.
Listen, if he existed and then if Sean Connery or no, how about this?
This is honest. If he existed and then Tim Dalton came on after him.
Is that Tim Dalton?
Yes.
Tim da Timothy, Don. If he came on after that guy, it wouldn't work out.
It wouldn't work.
It was different James Bond back then when Timothy dont was on,
he was perfect for it.
It was like this kind of campy fun thing where the dude like dressed real night.
It didn't have to be realistic. He always won. Ooh, smooth spy. Haha.
Mar Bon James Bond. And I was like, yeah, we win. Right. It was ridiculous.
It was like karate kid.
Right? Right.
Yep. It's ridiculous.
But if you came to like a contest where,
who seems like a real killer, there's one answer. It's Daniel Craig.
That's a real killer. That's a person who kills people. He nailed it.
The other like Timothy of the daltons killing people. Are you sure?
Yeah. It started, it sounds like a, it makes uh, a lot of the,
the stakes matter here, like the, uh, how good the movie is like, yes.
The action movie. If they made a Austin Powers type movie, Jane O.
Craig doesn't fit. Right? Mm they're starting to like slow down and.
Joke and he's not shooting and no, no. He would be terrible for that.
As Roger Moore was more comedic, like remember Roger Moore,
they walked onto the set of the fake moon landing. There was like,
do you remember that episode? It was one, one of his movies.
They accidentally burst into the set of people faking the moon landing and Roger
Moore. I forget which one it was. Yeah. It was that awesome powers. It runs it.
No dude. I'm telling you it was. Oh, it was hilarious.
It was hilarious. What was that one? See, Roger Moore was a different movie.
Yes. It doesn't mean that those movies weren't great. Cuz when I was a kid,
they were great. What it means is Roger Moore man. Yeah. Oh,
diamonds are forever. 1971 diamonds off.
That was before they killed the moon landing program.
They did it from 69 to I believe they did it at 72.
So Roger Mar probably <laugh> was a part of how they killed the, the,
the, the moon landing program. Is that done? Not look.
At this. Is that done?
Knots as a cop. How crazy this is? See, this was like a total. Oh see,
this is Sean Connell. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, it's not even Roger Moore. Oh my God.
I'm wrong. Oh, I thought it was by this time. It was Roger Moore.
Yeah. This was that HBO in the early eighties.
Handsome pastor. He was, he was so handsome in that.
What year did look at that? The cops are running out there and he is got like a
moon Rover. He is driving away to get away from the cops.
Oh he is gonna drive through the wall. Oh Jesus.
He's the fake moon landing set. He escapes,
bro. This is crazy. This is crazy.
And there's done nuts, right? <laugh>.
Wow. Where's Jackie. I'll tell you boy.
Remember technically said and smokey in the Bandon. No, that was a great clip.
Catch new episodes. The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.